src/main/docs/guide/gettingStarted.adoc, before:

include::{commondir}/common-mn2-lambda.adoc[]

https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/[AWS Lambda] is a dynamically scaled and billed-per-execution compute service. Instances of Lambdas are added and removed dynamically.

When a new instance handles its first request, the response time increases, which is called a cold start. After that request is processed, the instance stays alive (≈10 m) to be reused for subsequent requests.

In the guide https://guides.micronaut.io/micronaut-function-aws-lambda/guide/index.html[Micronaut Functions deployed in AWS Lambda], we used the **Java runtime**. Cold startups may cause some request to take more than 5 seconds.

To get rid of cold startups, in this guide, we combine several technologies:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/set-up-lambda-proxy-integrations.html[**Lambda Proxy Integration in API Gateway**]:

____
In Lambda proxy integration, when a client submits an API request, API Gateway passes to the integrated Lambda function the raw request as-is.

This request data includes the request headers, query string parameters, URL path variables, payload, and API configuration data. The configuration data can include current deployment stage name, stage variables, user identity, or authorization context (if any).
____

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/runtimes-custom.html[**Custom AWS Lambda Runtimes**]:

____
A runtime is a program that runs a Lambda function's handler method when the function is invoked. You can include a runtime in your function's deployment package in the form of an executable file named bootstrap.
____

https://www.graalvm.org/docs/reference-manual/native-image/[**GraalVM Native Images**]:

____
GraalVM Native Image allows you to ahead-of-time compile Java code to a standalone executable, called a native image. This executable includes the application, the libraries, the JDK and does not run on the Java VM, but includes necessary components like memory management and thread scheduling from a different virtual machine. The resulting program has faster startup time and lower runtime memory overhead compared to a Java VM.
____

Commit message:

CHORE updates the guide to micronaut 1.3.7, points at Sergio's 2.0+ guide for new instructions

src/main/docs/guide/gettingStarted.adoc, after:

include::{commondir}/common-mn2-lambda.adoc[]

NOTE: This is a guide for Micronaut 1.x. To get started w/ Micronaut 2.x, AWS Lambda, API Gateway & GraalVM, refer to
https://guides.micronaut.io/mn-application-aws-lambda-graalvm/guide/index.html[this guide], as the steps have changed fairly significantly.

https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/[AWS Lambda] is a dynamically scaled and billed-per-execution compute service. Instances of Lambdas are added and removed dynamically.

When a new instance handles its first request, the response time increases, which is called a cold start. After that request is processed, the instance stays alive (≈10 m) to be reused for subsequent requests.

In the guide https://guides.micronaut.io/micronaut-function-aws-lambda/guide/index.html[Micronaut Functions deployed in AWS Lambda], we used the **Java runtime**. Cold startups may cause some request to take more than 5 seconds.

To get rid of cold startups, in this guide, we combine several technologies:

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/set-up-lambda-proxy-integrations.html[**Lambda Proxy Integration in API Gateway**]:

____
In Lambda proxy integration, when a client submits an API request, API Gateway passes to the integrated Lambda function the raw request as-is.

This request data includes the request headers, query string parameters, URL path variables, payload, and API configuration data. The configuration data can include current deployment stage name, stage variables, user identity, or authorization context (if any).
____

https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/runtimes-custom.html[**Custom AWS Lambda Runtimes**]:

____
A runtime is a program that runs a Lambda function's handler method when the function is invoked. You can include a runtime in your function's deployment package in the form of an executable file named bootstrap.
____

https://www.graalvm.org/docs/reference-manual/native-image/[**GraalVM Native Images**]:

____
GraalVM Native Image allows you to ahead-of-time compile Java code to a standalone executable, called a native image. This executable includes the application, the libraries, the JDK and does not run on the Java VM, but includes necessary components like memory management and thread scheduling from a different virtual machine. The resulting program has faster startup time and lower runtime memory overhead compared to a Java VM.
____
